feat!: ama (#968)
Azure/terraform-azurerm-caf-enterprise-scale: docs/wiki/[User-Guide]-Getting-Started.md

Before getting started with this module, please take note of the following considerations:

> 1. This module requires a minimum `azurerm` provider version of `307.0`.

Reviewer: Typo in version number.
```suggestion
1. This module requires a minimum `azurerm` provider version of `3.107.0`.
```

Author: Thanks!
